Add automated releases (#214)
microbiomedata/nmdc_notebook_tools: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Making a release

This repo supports automated publishing to PyPI via GHA. To make a new release and publish to PyPI, you must have write access to the repo.

Steps:

> 1. Create a release in Github. Using the convention `vx.x.x` as the title and new tag. Generate the notes automatically and add more if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a release on GitHub, using the convention `vX.Y.Z` (e.g. `v0.1.23`) for the title and new tag. Generate the notes automatically and add more if desired.
```

- Doesn't suggest all the numbers are the same
- Distinguishes the leading "v" letter from the numbers

## Making a release

> This repo supports automated releases to PyPi via GHA. To make a new release and push to PyPi - you must have write access to the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo supports automated publishing to PyPI via GHA. To make a new release and publish to PyPI, you must have write access to the repo.
```

Steps:

> 1. Increment the version in `pyproject.toml` on main (either via a direct commit of a PR). If this step is not done first, it will break the automated release. If the version is the same as the one already in PyPi - it blocks upload of that package.

Reviewer 2: I think we have direct pushes to main blocked, so this will have to come in via a PR.

Reviewer: Eventually, I'd like to make the GitHub Release's Git tag name be automatically used as the package's version, so people don't have to modify it in `pyproject.toml` and ensure they match. This is implemented in the refscan repo. I'm "out sick until later today" right now and don't have more info handy.

_Edit: Adding link: https://github.com/microbiomedata/refscan/blob/main/.github/workflows/build-and-publish-package-to-pypi.yml_

Author: i added this workflow

> 1. Increment the version in `pyproject.toml` on main (either via a direct commit of a PR). If this step is not done first, it will break the automated release. If the version is the same as the one already in PyPi - it blocks upload of that package.

Reviewer: I think this step is obsolete (if so, change step numbers 2 -> 1, and 3 -> 2).

```suggestion
```

> 2. Create a release in Github. Using the convention `vx.x.x` as the title and new tag. Generate the notes automatically and add mroe if desired.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Create a release in Github. Using the convention `vx.x.x` as the title and new tag. Generate the notes automatically and add more if desired.
```

> 3. Publish release. The GHA will take care of the rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Publish release. The GHA workflow will take care of the rest.
```
